You're very welcome to this.
Of course we're all going to demystify this soft and intimidating topic and show how you can profit
from this.
Now I know you're here to learn so let's get straight into it.
As CEO is so exciting and everybody wants to learn about it because it's one of the most cost effective
marketing strategies out there.
It's really cost effective because of its in-band nature.
If I type something like best desktop microphone into Google I'm actively searching for the best desktop
microphone and that's probably a good chance that I'm going to buy one.
So the first result in Google here is going to get 33 percent of the visitors who search for that term
so that's a lot of traffic that Google is delivering to this Web site 24/7 365.
And as you can see here they have quite a good article on the five best desktop microphones but you'll
also see that they have an affiliate link to Amazon.
So everybody who makes this purchase one of these microphones through this article Lifehacker will receive
an affiliate commission so Google is effectively acting like a sales person for them.
And so that's really the huge benefit of SEO it's targeted it's automated and it's in-band in nature
in this course.
I really want to teach you how you can get to the top spot so you can enjoy the benefits of SEO on the
first step in that process is really doing some keyword research.
You want to understand what your customers are searching for online and you also want to make a data
driven decision then about which keywords you want to focus on.
And then the keyword research section of course I'm going to show you all the steps to finding the most
profitable keywords for your business.
The second step in as CEO is really optimizing your content around those key words.
It's absolutely no coincidence that the first result here in Google is really optimized around the key
word you can see here what I've typed in best does top my phone home it almost matches exactly the title
of this article here.
Best desktop microphones sold so in the war L and it's also in the content of the page as well.
So I'm going to show you exactly how to do all of this stuff in the On page optimization section of
this course of course optimizing your content around the keyword might not be enough to get you to the
top of the search results.
The next step and the final step is really building authority around your content.
If Google is going to be your sales guy they want to make sure that your content is good and the way
that they determine that is through links.
So here's an example of a link to that life hacker article.
This is somebody else's blog.
He talks about a different topic but at the end in terms of equipment he links off to the Life Hacker
article as a kind of endorsement to say hey guys check this out.
This is a good list.
So Google takes note of these links and goes Well if this guy plus you know 50 other guys have linked
to it it must be good.
And as a result they'll rank you a lot higher in the search results.
So building links is important.
And I'm going to show you how to do that in the link building part of this course.
So I hope that example helped bring a CEO to life for you.
You're clear on what the benefits are now and you're clear on the basic three steps.
The next lecture I think you're going to enjoy as well I'm going to reveal all of the tools that you're
going to learn how to use in this course